Numerous people are concerned about nutritional imbalance and the rise in obesity rates. According to Shattuck (2017), obesity rates did not exceed 15% in any U.S. state in 1985, and by 2016 no state had a rate under 20%. Currently, the average obesity rate is over 33%[1]. It is obvious that correcting dietary imbalances will benefit society. 
As rates of physical activity have decreased, there is an increasing epidemic of obesity (Skinner et al., 2018, cited in Armstrong, 2019)[2].. IT professionals are not exempt from this rule. In particular, persons who spend several hours sitting in chairs and avoid outdoor activities are more likely to be exposed to obesity or underweight risks. 

As a result, our group developed an interest in the topic of nutritional imbalance. BMI is one of the well-known and practical measurements of obesity. By dividing one's weight by the square of height, individuals can quickly determine their present physical state. Our group identified shortcomings in other BMI calculators. This was the issue with only giving out the basic necessities of data, such as the present situation and statistics. Our group believed that it would be more practical if it offered suggestions as to what types of management are required beyond just calculating BMI. Therefore, we made the decision to develop a calculator that does not require users to check their BMI, search for exercises online, or find another calculator to see how many calories they consumed today. Users can calculate their daily caloric intake and receive suggestions depending on their BMI using our project. This allows users to know roughly whether they should reduce their diet, exercise, or increase their diet.
Ref:
[1]Shattuck, M. 2017, Control diet, weight in diabetes fight: As rates of obesity increase, so too do rates of Type 2 diabetes, Appleton, Wis.
[2]Armstrong, S. & Wong, C. (2019) Physical Activity Interventions Improve Quality of Life of Children With Obesity: Should We Expect Them to Also Decrease Body Mass Index? Journal of adolescent health. [Online] 65 (3), 309–310
